guides: update vercel hosting steps to reflect current process (#402)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/guides/nextjs/github-open-authoring/hosting-vercel.md

>    5. It will auto-detect that your using Next.js. The default build, output, and development commands don't need to be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. It will auto-detect that you're using Next.js. The default build, output, and development commands don't need to be changed.
```

   6. Click "Deploy".

> Note this **deploy will fail** since environment variables aren't set for the GitHub Client yet.

3. **Create a new OAuth App** pointing to your Vercel deployment instead of localhost. Go back to the [Github OAuth page](https://github.com/settings/developers) in your Developer Settings. Your site will be visible from a generated domain — typically _your-site-name.now.sh_ — use this as the base URL. This will be the _production app_, we can add the client id and client secret values to our environment variables in Vercel.

![oauth-config-with-vercel](/img/github-open-auth-cna/oauth-with-vercel.png)

> 4. **Add the environment variables to Vercel.** From your Vercel dashboard, head to _Settings_. On the _General_ page, scroll down and you will see the [environment variables](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/build-step?query=environgment%2520variables#environment-variables) section. Add all the variables and values outlined in your `.env` file, **make sure to copy the client id and client secret** from the GitHub App you just created.

Author: ```suggestion
4. **Add the environment variables to Vercel.** From your Vercel dashboard, head to _Settings_. On the _General_ page, scroll down and you will see the [environment variables](https://vercel.com/docs/v2/build-step?query=environgment%2520variables#environment-variables) section. Add all the variables and values outlined in your `.env` file, making sure to **copy the client id and client secret from the production GitHub App** you just created.
```
